README.md, before:

# COVID
Covid project for the Systems Biology course.

# Cytoscape
This folder contains the networks for the Heart, Lung, Kidney and Spleen.
It is divided in two folders. "All_genes" contains the analyzed networks with
all the genes from the differential expression.
"Immune_pathways" folder contains the network using only immune related pathways.

# Diff_Exp
This folder contains the differential expression tables which include
the log2FoldChange and adjusted p-value.

# KEGG_IMMUNE_PATHWAYS_AND_GENES
This file includes all the immune related pathways and their corresponding genes fetched
from the KEGG Mus musculus database.

# Network_files
This folder includes the networks CSV files. They contain the Source Node, Target node
and the score of their predicted interaction.

# Raw_data
Contains the raw counts and the predicted network from MouseNetV2.

# Webgestalt
Contains the pathway analysis using all the genes from the differential expression
analysis using the WebGestalt platform with the KEGG Database

Commit message:

Added COGENA for drug repositioning

README.md, after:

# COVID
Covid project for the Systems Biology course.
The aim of this project is drug repositioning for this disease
# Cytoscape
This folder contains the networks for the Heart, Lung, Kidney and Spleen.
It is divided in two folders. "All_genes" contains the analyzed networks with
all the genes from the differential expression.
"Immune_pathways" folder contains the network using only immune related pathways.

# Diff_Exp
This folder contains the differential expression tables which include
the log2FoldChange and adjusted p-value.

# KEGG_IMMUNE_PATHWAYS_AND_GENES
This file includes all the immune related pathways and their corresponding genes fetched
from the KEGG Mus musculus database.

# Network_files
This folder includes the networks CSV files. They contain the Source Node, Target node
and the score of their predicted interaction.

# Raw_data
Contains the raw counts and the predicted network from MouseNetV2.

# Webgestalt
Contains the pathway analysis using all the genes from the differential expression
analysis using the WebGestalt platform with the KEGG Database
